The Fool:'Look before you leap!The Fool is the innocent adventurer, about to begin an important journey. With a head full of hope, he is idealistic rather than practical; he is certainly not dressed for travel. The little dog at his heels tries to warn him of impending peril, but the Fool is blissfully ignorant of the risk he takes in stepping off a cliff. He is about to encounter danger, but how else can he make his way in the world?
We all begin life as a zero, a tiny egg of potential. The Fool is the cosmic egg, symbolized by the shape of his number, 0. As he journeys through the major arcana sequence, he is a part of every card, but he also stands outside the sequence, without a formal value. An absolute beginner, he is about to explore the world, gain experience, and leave behind his status as a zero, a no-being. He will travel lightly, without the baggage of commitment. The Fool is the dreamer, lead only by his needs and desires.
Usually depicted as a youth, the Fool must grow to become a man in the next card in the tarot sequence: the Magician—an individual who knows life and has identified what he needs to succeed in it. The Fool on his journey will collect, in his bag, the four symbols of the minor arcana suits (the Cup, Sword, Pentacle, and Wand): These items are the essence of his survival—the Cup to drink from; the Sword to defend himself; the Pentacle, a coin, for victuals; and the Wand to connect him with his higher self. At this stage of his journey, he is yet to discover the power and meaning of these objects; when he fully understands their purpose, he may progress to the next stage of life, ready to morph into card I, the Magician. Even though his number is zero, his preceding card is the World, card XXI. Some tarotists even assign him number XXII/0, to show that the Fool is both the end and the beginning of the card sequence.It’s time for a new adventure, but there is a level of risk. Consider your options carefully, and when you are sure, take that leap of faith.Home: If you are a parent, The Fool can show a young person leaving home. Otherwise, it predicts a sociable time, with lots of visitors – who may also help you with a new project. Love and Relationships: A new path takes you towards love; this card often appears after a break-up.Career and Money: A great opportunity awaits. Seize it while you can.Spiritual Development: New discoveries. You are finding your soul’s pathIs he upside down? Beware false promises and naiveté. Don’t lose touch with reality.New beginnings, spontaneity, adventure, innocence. '
The Magician: 'Here we have a Magician in action, complete with magic wand and the implements of his trade on the table before him: the suit symbols of the Pentacle or coin, Cup, Sword, and Wand, representing the four elements of earth, water, air, and fire, respectively. With these base materials, he sets an intention to transmute them to create the fifth element of ether, or the quintessence—the mythological “breath of the gods.” The Magician, who once journeyed as the Fool, is now ready to manifest his desires by aligning spirit and matter. As the conduit between earth and heaven, the Magician stands for decisions and creativity. The roses and lilies growing above and below him tell us that life can be beautiful when we commit to our passions.
In the major arcana sequence, the Magician comes after 0, The Fool, although the Magician can also be seen as the first card of the cycle, as some tarotists place the Fool after the World card as XXII. The Magician is the natural successor to the Fool as we move from 0, the cosmic egg, to I, the individual: The Fool’s bundle contains the Magician’s four symbols, ready to be activated. After the singular purpose of the Magician we meet II, The High Priestess, who introduces us to the duality of life—the now and the hereafter. Both these cards link with an awareness of realms beyond the earthly plane.Go, go go!It’s time for action - your travel plans, business and creative projects are blessed. You have the energy and wisdom you need to make it happen now. Others see your talent.Home: Home becomes a hub where others gather to share ideas; a time for harmony and fun.Relationships and love: Great communication in established relationships. For singles, the beginning of new love. In friendships, old misunderstandings are forgiven.Career and money: Inspiration from a leader or manager, or a new position or direction in your career. Money flows, because you’re clever and creative with your income and ideas. Is he upside down? False appearances. A scheme or project you’re involved in doesn’t ring true. A further meaning is a creative block, and travel plans being put on hold.Manifestation, resourcefulness, power, inspired action.'
The High Priestess:'The High Priestess stands in an enclosed chamber or temple between two great pillars labeled B and J. Behind her is a veil decorated with pomegranates and date fruit; she wears a horned moon headdress like the Egyptian goddess Hathor, and at her feet lies a crescent moon. She holds a scroll that is partly hidden, bearing the letters t, o, r, and a, indicating the Torah, the Jewish sacred text.She represents the principle of the divine feminine; historically, she is the female Pope, a virgin priestess, signified by her blue-and-white robes. Today, she might be the psychic, astrologer, or spiritual teacher. Her spiritual path is above material values and earthly relationships. Her gift is wisdom; and knowledge of the world beyond the veil, the realms of gods, guides, and angels.The High Priestess’s element is Water, the element of the emotions, and her planet is the moon. The moon relates to intuition, the feminine cycles, and the rhythms of nature. She wears a crown showing the moon’s waxing, waning, and full phases (see The High Priestess’s Symbols). Your intuition is always right.Your dreams and your intuition provide the answers you need. This is a psychic card, revealing that truth comes from unconventional sources. You may find a wonderful course, guide or advisor at this time.Home: A time for privacy. You may need to study, read, or enjoy peace and quiet. Cloister yourself away if you need to.Relationships and love: Hidden issues; guidance in love.Career and money: Wise advice from a trusted source. Personal empowerment at work; success comes through looking at what’s missing, rather than what’s there. Spiritual development: Help from a mentor; a deepening of your commitment. Is she upside down? You may be let down by an authority figure pro other person you trust; there’s a side to this situation that has been covered up - until now.Intuition, mystery, spiritual insight, subconscious mind.'

The Empress: Life is abundant.The Empress is the mother archetype, symbol of creativity and abundance. She bears the symbol of Venus on her shield, relating to her planet, Venus, and the Roman goddess of love. In pre-Roman times, Venus was much more than the ruler of relationships: She was the earth mother, nature herself.
She is seated in an earthly paradise, where corn grows at her feet. A river meanders then flows into a waterfall, forming an abundant pool. All the trees are in full leaf. This is summer, a time of harvest and plenty. The Empress leans slightly back, supported by a cushion and bolster, as if she has transplanted herself from indoors to her garden. While living in the material world, she stays connected to her roots and goes with the flow of life. Her pose and lose gown may suggest she is pregnant, and some decks show an obviously pregnant Empress. While the High Priestess is lunar and virginal, incubating herself spiritually to connect with the twilight realms beyond, the Empress manifests her femininity. She is the solar, earthly, and fertile aspect of womanhood, also indicated by the rich yellows, reds, oranges, and green colors of her card. Enjoy this productive, joyful time when you’ll have the energy to develop your projects, decorate your home, spend time with children, and give yourself a little luxury. Money flows and love grows under The Empress’s influence.Home: Contentment and harmony at home. You might consider extending your home or premises.Relationships and love: The mother, or nurturing woman; the wife or partner. Children and family, love and happiness.Career and money: You’re managing your money and other resources well, and can help others, too. Work-wise, this is a time of career growth. Your past efforts will be rewarded. Spiritual development: Give time to your creative projects now. Creativity helps connect us with our spiritual, intuitive side.Is she upside down? Household problems, lack of time and money, and even a difficult older woman are the meanings of the Empress reversed. Hold on - things will improve if you keep calm.Fertility, abundance, nurturing, creativity.

The Emperor: The Emperor is the father archetype, a symbol of male power and virility. His beard shows he is a man of maturity and wisdom, a forerunner of the Hermit, the other bearded man of the tarot, whom the Emperor will become in later years. Yet at this time of his existence, he is still full of vigor and ready to take action to defend his realm, as we see from the battle armor showing beneath his robes of state.His number is IV, for the four compass points and for stability and order. The Emperor is sure of his position, and he sits squarely in place on his throne of stone, high-backed and secure in a landscape that appears to be little more than barren rock. Yet the mountains, almost equal in height on each side, seem to protect him, and his throne, higher than the peaks of the rocks, suggests he is in control of this strange environment. A tiny river runs behind him, perceptible at the base of the mountains—a sign of the potential for growth and cultivation of the land as he directs. The Emperor is a pioneer and a true Aries, shown by the rams’ heads on his throne; his will drives him forward.And as the Emperor knows the boundaries of his territory, he is realistic about the sphere of his influence. He also maintains and defends his boundaries appropriately, through rational negotiation rather than force.All is in order.Help, protection and the influence of a powerful individual for whom action speaks louder than words. Tradition is the watchword of The Emperor, so this is a time to play by the rules rather than flout convention.Home: Caring for your home; setting the boundaries of your property; order restored after conflict and arguments.Relationships and love: A partner, husband, father or father-figure. Honouring your relationships is key now.Career and money: Strong leadership, promotion and success. Good work-life balance. Spiritual development: Your guides protect you.Is he upside down? Disorder; a controlling boss or older relative, poor leadership at work, bullying and upset in relationships. This person may oppose you, but view this as an opportunity to assert your own values.Authority, structure, control, stability.

The Hierophant:'As above, so below.The Hierophant appears as a figure of religious orthodoxy. Wearing the papal crown and holding the scepter, he makes the hand gesture of blessing to two supplicants kneeling before him. He is the leader of the Catholic faith and symbolizes unity. One of his titles, Pontifex Maximus, means “The Great Bridge-Builder”; he is the bridge between heaven and earth. He shows us the potential for integrating our internal and external worlds, bringing together body and soul, as well as our male and female self-aspects. As the priest, he officiates at weddings, joining two people together in physical and spiritual union.The Hierophant is also a symbol of education. Also know as the Priest or the Pope, in the Rider-Waite tarot, he is named Hierophant after the hierophantes, or priests who guarded the Eleusinian Mysteries (see The Historical Hierophant). Through him, we may find and follow a higher path through learning. He may be a lecturer or inspiring leader, priest or magus, shaman or established esoteric teacher.In the major arcana sequence, the Hierophant appears between card IV, The Emperor, and VI, The Lovers. We are moving from the Emperor’s worldly domain to an encounter with the spiritual through a teacher-priest. After the Hierophant, we meet the Lovers and see God’s messenger, Archangel Raphael, and then—through the sequence of these three cards—sense a progression from the earth realm to a glimpse of the divine.The Hierophant stands for unity. In your everyday life, he shows you committing to your goals so they become reality; you take action rather than daydream. He’s also a symbol of education, asking you to know yourself more deeply and to be open to new wisdom. Home: Progress with projects; sharing your space with others harmoniously. Relationships: Unity and intimacy in your relationships; marriage and commitment. Career and money: A diplomatic approach advances your career. Being generous helps money flow back to you.Spiritual development: Deepening your spiritual understanding, often within a supportive community.Is he upside down? Perfectionism, self-criticism, and chaos in communities and at home. Projects become blocked due to miscommunication. If possible, step back and redefine what you alone want, regardless of others. Tradition, spiritual guidance, conformity, religious values.The Lovers:Make your decision. There’s amazing potential for lasting love, or reward, but you’ll need to make a mature choice that takes into account long-term rather than short-term benefits. Consider your future rather than old attitudes that don’t serve you.Home: Deciding where you’re going to live, and who with, for future happiness. Relationships and love: An important relationship; falling in love.Career and money: Consider your options carefully. Long-term investment in work and financial schemes may bring more fulfilment that a short-term cash fix.Spiritual development: Being at one with yourself and the universe. Self-compassion keeps love flowing.Are they upside down? Choosing the easier option under pressure and in relationships, feeling betrayed or let down by a partner. Don’t sacrifice your needs to keep the peace; put yourself first, even if that means walking away.Love, partnership, choice, harmony.'
The Lovers:'Two Lovers arrive in a magical garden where strange flowers bloom and snakes talk. The full sun beams behind a luminous Archangel Raphael, angel of love and healing, who presides over their union.The Lovers stand in the Garden of Eden together, yet the woman, Eve, is gazing up at Archangel Raphael, who is holding up his right hand, explaining to them that they will be cast out of the garden if they eat the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. Their innocent paradise will end—a metaphor for the seeming perfection of a new relationship before we must negotiate the practicalities. The man, Adam—who could also be the Fool on his journey through the tarot—gazes directly at Eve. They may be called the Lovers, but they are not Lovers yet: See the clouds between them? The clouds predict the Fall and the hurdles they will overcome as their relationship becomes grounded in reality. All looks perfect in Eden, but Eve and Adam are only just about to recognize each other and know love. From this point onward, we know the snake will tempt Eve to eat the fruit, and their relationship will change forever.The Lovers show relationships and a decision. The card can predict meeting a new partner or a career opportunity, and your choice now will have a significant effect on your future. In the upright position, the person coming into your orbit now has a positive influence and offers true love—provided you follow the guidance of your heart rather than your head. If you are willing to take a risk rather than stay with a safe choice, you may soon discover your own Garden of Eden, which is fertile and rich with possibility.If you are already in a relationship, a decision whether to take your partnership to a deeper level will be made. The issue that the Lovers card raises is your ability to make a decision based on your long-term future rather than short-term gains. In this way, you are being asked to make a mature decision that supports your true needs—respect, intimacy, love, and trust—and to connect with a partner who is emotionally available to you.When the Lovers card reverses, relationships go out of balance and the shadow side of your personalities enters the equation. A relationship is in crisis, and you may question your initial attraction as the values you once held as a couple feel corrupted. There may be inequality, betrayal, and dishonesty. The Lovers reversed is also an aspect of card XV, The Devil, which reveals lust, materialism, and addiction to negative patterns.'
The Chariot: 'You can move on with confidence.It’s time to take charge and move on. The Chariot—or the charioteer—is the traveler, standing strong in his carriage of stone and flanked by two resting sphinxes. With the city and its river behind him, he is about to move on; with determination and self-control, he will keep his vehicle on the road and be successful in his quest. At this point, his concerns are practical and material rather than mystical, yet he is aware of the heavenly realms above him, shown by his canopy of stars and the astrological symbols on his belt.The Upright Chariot signifies success and a major departure. This is a time for determination and focus as you travel in a new direction. A decision is made, and now you can begin to experience real progress in your affairs. Ready to take control and navigate your path, you are poised to learn as your horizons rapidly expand. Just as the charioteer has his wand to drive him onward, you will need willpower to fuel your desires.The Chariot can indicate a move or an important journey, and, on a mundane level, it shows you driving a car on your travels or getting a new vehicle.This may be a physical journey, or progress in work, relationships and projects. The Chariot often arrives in a reading after a major decision prompted by cards such as The Lovers, Judgment or The Moon.Home: Travel is your priority now, rather than home comforts. You may also welcome visitors from other states or countries.Relationships and love: An established relationship grows This card can also appear after a break-up to show you’re determinedly moving on.Career and money: Great leaps forward. You’re on the path to success; financial reward is coming.Spiritual development: Leadership, and working with groups to support their learning. You may need time out for your own quiet reflection.Is he upside down? Journeys and projects are delayed; a wrong turning. Recheck your plans and pay attention to detail you can fix. There’s arrogance around just now, too.Determination, willpower, success, control.Strength: Be patient, have courage.There’s tension around as you will have to keep strong-minded individuals - or your own urges - in check. Hold your space, be patient, and you’ll succeed with grace. An additional meaning is balance masculine and feminine qualities.Home: Giving support to others going through difficult times; this may be testing, but you have the heart to offer consistent help and support.Relationships: Relationship issues begin to heal. Love grows stronger.Career and money: First observe, rather than react to confrontation. Defend yourself calmly, and you’ll succeed. Look carefully at your finances and don’t overspend just now. Spiritual development: Your beliefs may be tested. Stand firm.Is it upside down? Avoiding facing an opponent; hiding from a challenge you could learn from. Your intuition knows not to shy away; it’s time to step up and turn the lion into a pussycat.Courage, compassion, inner strength, resilience.'
The Hermit: Take time to reflect
The need to think and heal the past; an opportunity to know yourself more deeply and find the strength and wisdom within. This is a path you choose, and you are alone, not lonely. Home: A time to plan and cost home projects carefully rather than begin work. Relationships: A period of healing after the end of a relationship. Focus on yourself and your own journey.
Career and money: A change of pace - a sabbatical, trip or working from home. Money is not your focus just now; education and understanding feel more relevant.
Spiritual development: Spiritual retreat and mentoring; quiet time to read, write and contemplate.
Is he reversed? Isolation due to stubbornness; a turning away from support through fear. If you’re tired of being alone, reach out a little.Solitude, introspection, guidance, inner wisdom.
The Wheel of Fortune: I turn for the better
A change for the better. Blocks to progress dissolve quickly as events move on, so be open to whatever positive change comes. Look to the future.
Home: Unexpected developments in your household; people come and go. This may be a temporary disruption, but it’s all for the best.
Relationships: Don’t try to make a relationship work; destiny will take a hand. If you’re looking for that new relationship, you’ll find yourself in the just right place at the right
time.
Career and money: A swift improvement in your affairs. Go with the flow rather than over analyse.
Spiritual development: Pay attention to what is hidden; you may meet an aspect of your unconscious, or a spiritual guide, through messages and dreams.
Is it reversed? The end of a negative cycle of events; you’re almost through the bad times, ready to move on to brighter possibilities.Change, cycles, fate, luck.
Justice: A decision goes in your favour
A situation is resolved, ending a period of uncertainty. This card often heralds the end of a legal matter, but in general terms it predicts balance - so harmony is restored - and success, too.
Home: Property issues are resolved; legal documents are signed.
Relationships: You find ways to spend more time with loved ones and enjoy a better work/life balance.
Career and money: Interviews and meetings go well; success in business dealings and projects, and good results in examinations and tests. Outstanding debts are paid.
Spiritual development: You’ll find time to follow your spiritual interests while still earning a regular income; it’s possible to balance both these needs.
Is she reversed? Injustice; a decision goes against you. Keep the faith and seek out people who understand your position; turn away from those who seek to manipulate the situation for their own ends.Fairness, truth, balance, law.
The Hanged Man: See it another way
Delay. Waiting for change is frustrating, but it does allow you time to see a situation from a different perspective and devise new creative ways forward. An additional meaning is making a sacrifice in order to move on.
Home: Projects and house-moves are postponed, but keep planning rather than feel stuck. Relationships and love: A relationship goes on hold while one of you travels - or you take a break to decide if you have a future together.
Career and money: Delay in work and projects; a pending decision.
Spiritual development: A period of incubation. Taking time to process new experiences that expand your horizons.
Is he upside down? Indecision and fantasy; a refusal to be practical and get things done. Procrastination wastes your time.Surrender, letting go, new perspectives, suspension.
Death:  Let it go
Transformation and change. This card doesn’t mean physical death, rather a time of transition, when whatever is not needed for the future must be given up. He brings release from the past, and new beginnings and opportunities.
Home: It may be time to leave your existing home or completely transform it so your home reflects new circumstances.
Relationships and love: Necessary endings. Stepping away from established relationships. Career and money: A change in career or position which will be in your long-term interest. Financially, a time to curb spending and focus your efforts on what will bring you the greatest rewards.
Spiritual development: Awareness of the spiritual realms. Understanding how as beings we are energy that is transformed beyond the physical into the spiritual.
Is he upside down? Hanging onto the past; a refusal to leave the past alone.Endings, transformation, transition, letting go.
Temperance: It’s time to reconcile
Balancing opposites; completing a multitude of tasks at once, which tests your skills and patience. If you can keep every plate spinning, others will see just how resourceful you are. An additional meaning is an opportunity to heal past issues.
Home: Demands on your time; meeting the needs of older and younger generations. Joint and family decisions on home improvements.
Relationships and love: Trying hard to meet a partner’s expectations; dealing with past relationship issues.
Career and money: Pay attention to detail in career and money matters. Draw upon your past experience to problem-solve and manage volatile people.
Spiritual development: Staying grounded while others simply react. Setting appropriate boundaries.
Is she upside down? Difficult memories; the past dominating the present. Ignoring debts and demands that need attention.Balance, moderation, patience, purpose.
The Devil:  In one leap you can be free
Control issues; being in a relationship or other commitment that enslaves you. This is your perception, borne from obligation, guilt or fear. You can choose to walk away at any time. An additional meaning is struggle with addiction.
Home: Feeling unsafe at home due to debt or dubious characters whom you tolerate. Relationships and love: Love triangles, lust and affairs, or love that’s become duty. A bind - often a former partner you’re obliged to stay in touch with for family or financial reasons. Career and money: Being financially trapped in work that is unsatisfying or demeaning; a manipulative boss or colleague. Loans or other agreements that need to be severed. Spiritual development: Beware the psychic vampire!
Is he upside down? Manipulation and entrapment; an influence you find hard to resist, or one that repeats - you leave, return and leave again.Temptation, materialism, bondage, shadow self.
The Tower: Break down and break through
Sudden endings that feel senseless and unnecessary wake you up to the fact that none of us is in control of the universe. This destruction illuminates the hidden tension holding together an aspect of your life; let it go.On a mundane level, The Tower also represents migraine attack.
Home: Being forced to leave your home; damage to property. A dramatic change to your plans.
Relationships and love: A shock revelation. A relationship you thought was stable may not withstand pressure.
Career and money: Sudden change in management or working practice; the danger of financial loss. Although this feels bleak now, you will survive.
Spiritual development: An intense attraction to a new belief system. A creative and spiritual wake-up.
Is it upside down? Overthinking past events and apportioning blame. Don’t ruminate on the past - there is no fault.Sudden change, upheaval, chaos, revelation.
The Star:You are guided and inspired
Guidance, hope and inspiration; a time to nurture your talents and express your feelings. You are on the right path.
Home: Focusing on building a nest; decluttering and new decor attract you now. You feel at home with yourself.
Relationships and love: Harmony in all your relationships; being guided toward a soul mate.
Career and money: Acknowledgement for your work, a sense that your work is perfect for you now. Rewards and money coming in.
Spiritual development: You may sense strong protection from your guides and be drawn to healing, writing, music and other creative pursuits.
Is she upside down? Living in a dream world, or a person full of ideas they can’t make happen just now. You may need to revise your expectations - it’s time for a reality-check. Hope, inspiration, serenity, renewal.
The Moon: What do you want?
A difficult choice. You may doubt what’s on offer and feel you can’t see a clear picture. Take your time to listen to your inner voice; you don’t need to give in to pressure to make a decision. Intuition rather than reason will light the way.
Home: Doubts about your decision to move on or renovate. A need to find quiet time and space for yourself in your home.
Relationships and love: A nagging feeling that something isn’t right; a crisis of faith in a relationship as emotions run high.
Career and money: You may question your ambition, and even money may not be enough to persuade you to stay where you are. A further meaning is working long hours on a demanding project.
Spiritual development: Becoming more sensitive to emotions; refining your intuition. Is
it upside down? Avoiding emotional issues; feeling disillusioned and unsafe. It may be risky, but it’s better to take a chance rather than do nothing.Illusion, fear, subconscious, intuition.
The Sun: Enjoy vitality and success
Happiness, protection and joy; a successful phase. A carefree time when old worries disappear. A further meaning is good health and renewed energy.
Home: Children and friends gather, bringing warmth and fun into your home. If you’ve moved recently, you settle well into your new nest and love every moment.
Relationships and love: Love as a sanctuary from the world; time with your partner, which nurtures your relationship. For singles, a new relationship is on the cards.
Career and money: Time to enjoy success and status. Your proposals and work are applauded.
Spiritual development: Sharing your beliefs and work with others socially; having fun with kindred spirits. A return to the light after a testing time.
Is it upside down? Frustration due to delayed plans, and holidays and projects may go on hold for a while, but don’t be downhearted - everything will get quickly back on track.Joy, success, vitality, positivity.
Judgement: There’s always a second chance
Reviewing the past; deciding if it’s worth reconsidering a decision or situation. You’re in the process of judging yourself, too, musing on your past actions and relationships. Home: Second thoughts about a property issue. You may also be drawn to an old or familiar house or apartment that has resonance for you.
Relationships and love: A relationship from the past that you’re still thinking of. A further meaning is a lover comes back into your life to try again.
Career and money: Longstanding disputes and deadlocks disappear, freeing up cash-flow and bringing career opportunities.
Spiritual development: A spiritual wake-up call; a stronger relationship with your guides and angels.
Is it upside down? Guilt and worry may keep you tethered to the past. While it’s important to look back before you move on, there’s only so much soul-searching you, or someone close to you, can do.Reflection, reckoning, awakening, transformation.
The World:Celebrate your rewards
A successful conclusion before the beginning of a bright new phase; the world is opening up to you. You’re also rewarded with love, new opportunities and even gifts. A further meaning is peace and optimism.
Home: Success in all home-related projects; you may also begin to look further afield for new or second homes.
Relationships and love: A fulfilling, happy relationship; attending weddings, anniversaries and other celebrations together.
Career and money: Awards and business travel; exam and interview success. Money comes to you due to past efforts and through others’ generosity.
Spiritual development: Integrating the male and female aspects of the self; becoming whole.
Is it upside down? An opportunity denied; you may feel your options are limited just now, but be patient - your time to travel and encounter exciting new opportunities will come. Completion, accomplishment, travel, fulfillment.
Ace of Wands: Great beginnings. New work and relationships; a time to travel, and to be creative and inspired. Also, a sign of fertility.
Is it upside down?
A temporary lack of support, or poor timing; new ideas and travel plans go on hold. Also, a sign of fertility problems.New opportunities, inspiration, growth.
Two of Wands: Making plans; looking ahead positively. You meet kindred spirits or a new flame, too, as romantic partnerships and collaborations are favored.
Is it upside down?
Pulling in different directions – a partner has different needs, or a project goes awry.Planning, decisions, progress, future vision.
Three of Wands: It’s time for new experiences: travel, creative projects, an educational course – any pursuit that broadens your horizons. Be inspired!
Is it upside down?
Communication problems and misunderstandings, along with delays and blocks to your plans – but you can still succeed.Expansion, foresight, exploration, leadership.
Four of Wands: Relaxation, and freedom from usual pressures. A great omen for any change of scene, from holidays to new homes.
Is it upside down?
A need to escape reality for a while, but you may suffer a temporary setbacks and delay to travel plans.Celebration, harmony, homecoming, community.
Five of Wands: Contests and competition, but in terms of open opinions rather than conflict. Children may test your boundaries.
Is it upside down?
A need to reign in egotism; talking for the sake of talking rather than reaching a fair compromise.Conflict, competition, disagreement, tension.
Six of Wands: Success! A victory you deserve that’s hard-won, but completely deserved. Others will applaud you, too.
Is it upside down?
The need for a different approach, as you find success is out of reach just now.Victory, recognition, progress, self-confidence.
Seven of Wands: Staying true to your goals and beliefs; also, protecting those who cannot speak for themselves. Stand your ground – it’s worth the effort.
Is it upside down?
Doubting your motivation. Don’t let pride stop you from standing down.Perseverance, defense, standing your ground.
Eight of Wands: It’s action time – fire ahead with your plans, and enjoy lots of news, travel, chat, and insight as all your projects are blessed.
Is it upside down?
You may be misunderstood, so be extra clear about your intentions. Double-check all paperwork now.Speed, movement, rapid progress, action.
Nine of Wands: Decide where to expend your energy and resources. You’re in a strong position, but all this exertion takes its toll. Go easy on yourself.
Is it upside down?
A grueling schedule leaves you little time to think about your own needs. It may be time to back off.Resilience, persistence, testing of faith, boundaries.
Ten of Wands: There’s too much going on – so lay down some of your responsibilities and focus on what you can, rather than can’t, achieve.
Is it upside down?
Unreasonable demands mean you may not know which way to turn. But are you making a rod for your own back?Burden, responsibility, stress, hard work.
Page of Wands: Many invites and opportunities come your way. As person, the Page is creative and chatty, but do look behind his words for the facts.
Is he upside down?
Disappointing news about travel, new projects and work opportunities. As a person, the reversed Page often has negative opinions, and doesn’t listen.Enthusiasm, exploration, free spirit, new beginnings.
Knight of Wands:Energy and ideas; everything speeds up. It’s also a card for house moves. As a person, the Knight is soulful and exciting – but can be capricious.
Is he upside down?
A great idea falls flat. As a person, the reversed Knight causes drama, but doesn’t contribute anything substantial. Action, adventure, impulsiveness, energy.
Queen of Wands: Stepping into your power; feeling inspired to do the work you were meant to do. As a person, the queen offers progress in your affairs, creativity, and leadership.
Is she upside down?
A lack of understanding. As a person, the reversed queen can be insensitive and envious.Confidence, independence, determination, charisma.
King of Wands: Happiness and understanding; bonds between you, friends and family grow stronger. As a person, this king has charisma. He shares his feelings openly.
Is he upside down?
A lack of trust. As person, the reversed King may be self-obsessed and unwilling to compromise.Leadership, vision, influence, boldness.Ace of Cups: Love, new emotions, creativity, intuition.
Ace of Cups
Falling in love; a new passion. The beginning of a productive, happy time. Also, a sign of female fertility.
Is it upside down?
Temporary unhappiness, delays and creative blocks. Also, possible fertility problems.
Two of Cups: 
An equal meeting of hearts and minds; a soul mate or true friend benefits you now. If single, you meet your mate.
Is it upside down?
Avoid making decisions just now, as emotions run high.Partnership, unity, love, mutual respect.
Three of Cups:
Fun with friends, family and new faces; celebrations. If single, now’s the time to flirt and party!
Is it upside down?
Disagreements; also, you may feel guilty due to overindulgence - in food, wine, and other frolics.Friendship, celebration, community, happiness.
Four of Cups: 
Disillusion and boredom, to the extent that it’s difficult to muster your usual enthusiasm.
Is it upside down?
Feeling stuck in a huge rut; boredom becomes frustration and unhappiness. Make a decision.Contemplation, apathy, reevaluation, dissatisfaction.
Five of Cups: 
Loss. A situation ends sadly, and it’s not of your making; try to see what can be salvaged.
Is it upside down?
Approaching the end of a bleak time. Look ahead with confidence.Loss, regret, disappointment, grief.
Six of Cups:
Old friends and acquaintances come back into your life. You’re full of nostalgia and happy memories.
Is it upside down?
An unwelcome visitor or other reminder of the past that you’d rather forget. This too will pass.Nostalgia, childhood, memories, innocence.
Seven of Cups: 
Excitement and confusion reign - you’ve so much potential it’s hard to know which path to choose. Wait until you have more information.
Is it upside down?
A dream isn’t what you hoped for - the reality can’t live up to the fantasy. See it for what it is.Choices, fantasy, illusion, dreams.
Eight of Cups:
A timely departure. It’s often a quiet leaving, as there’s nothing more to say or to resolve. Also, the card may predict travel.
Is it upside down?
Abandoning a project or person that has potential.Abandonment, walking away, seeking deeper meaning.
Nine of Cups: 
The tarot’s ‘wish card’ - you can make your dreams come true. Wherever you focus your energy, success will follow; you’ll share it, too.
Is it upside down?
Self-centeredness when what’s needed is generosity; egotism. You may feel ignored by someone busy feathering his or her own nest.Contentment, satisfaction, emotional fulfillment.
Ten of Cups: 
Happiness, peace, and time for loved ones. You may extend your family or home now.
Is it upside down?
Pay attention to communication in relationships and you’ll make progress - and know where you stand.Happiness, family, emotional harmony, fulfillment.
Page of Cups: 
A great time for children and young people, new projects and socializing. As a person, the Page is kind and fun-loving - just what you need right now.
Is he upside down?
Having fun feels like hard work. Alternatively, your social circle is dominated by those who are superficial and immature.Creativity, intuition, emotional beginnings, curiosity.
Knight of Cups: 
A proposal; a potentially good opportunity. Look at the surrounding cards to see if this is a genuine offer, or all talk.
Is he upside down?
Romantic schemes and dreams that don’t have substance. As a person, this Knight is selfobsessed and misleading; be skeptical.Romance, idealism, charm, imagination.
Queen of Cups: 
It’s a time for giving and receiving love, and also creative expression. As a person, the Queen is nurturing and sensitive.
Is she upside down?
Issues with mother-figures; in general, missing out on the support you deserve. As a person, the reversed Queen speaks hurtful words.Compassion, calm, emotional depth, nurturing.
King of Cups: 
Emotional understanding. Creativity and family issues are also favored now. As a person, this King is the ideal romantic partner and protector.
Is he upside down?
Suppressing emotions, control issues, and creative blocks. As a person, the reversed King is domineering and stubborn.Emotional balance, control, diplomacy, generosity.
Ace of Swords:
A victory; a decision in your favor clears the path to success. The card also reveals intelligence and strategic thinking.
Is it upside down?
A decision goes against you, or you’re the one who misjudges a situation.Clarity, breakthrough, new ideas, intellectual power.
Two of Swords:
Being locked in indecision; procrastination. At this point you’re unable to progress, but there is a way forward.
Is it upside down?
Do your eyes deceive you? There’s no logical reason for you to feel this powerless.Indecision, stalemate, choices, balance.
Three of Swords: 
Loss, grief and betrayal; three people in a relationship, or in conflict. However hard this may be, at least you know where you stand.
Is it upside down?
Anxiety; the aftermath of upsetting events. You’re nearly through this now - things will get better.Heartbreak, grief, sorrow, emotional pain.
Four of Swords:
Time out - projects and relationships go on hold for a while. Also, recuperation after illness, particularly stress-related conditions.
Is it upside down?
Unwanted delays in projects; distance between people. You may feel isolated from a group just now.Rest, recuperation, contemplation, relaxation.
Five of Swords:
Stressful times. You may be involved in conflict that leaves you feeling worn down and even humiliated; bullying behavior.
Is it upside down?
A need to walk away rather than waste energy defending yourself against those who may never understand your position.Conflict, defeat, tension, betrayal.
Six of Swords: 
A move away from trouble into peaceful waters, mentally or physically. After an unsettling time, order and harmony returns.
Is it upside down?
Unfortunate timing. You’re ready to move on, but the universe isn’t quite ready for you. Keep trying; you’ll get there.Transition, change, moving on, recovery.
Seven of Swords: 
The ‘thief’ card: often a warning to guard your property, it also asks you to be careful whom you trust just now.
Is it upside down?
Pressure and opposition; being forced into playing someone else’s game. Work on your strategy.Deception, trickery, strategy, cunning.
Eight of Swords: 
Restriction, blocks to your plans; an inability to see the situation clearly, often due to overthinking.
Is it upside down?
Adversity. Gather your strength - you do have it - and give yourself some options. You can be free.Restriction, limitation, imprisonment, self-doubt.
Nine of Swords:
The ‘insomnia’ card - or the thoughts and anxieties that keep you awake. This is a difficult, stressful time - hang on in there.
Is it upside down?
Recurring negative thoughts in response to problems. Ask for help to break the cycle - you can do it.Anxiety, worry, nightmares, mental anguish.
Ten of Swords:
Sudden endings - much like the meaning of card XVI, The Tower, or XIII, Death. At least your situation is clear, and you can now move forward.
Is it upside down?
You may want to see hope or second chances when it’s highly unlikely. Best to look at the evidence rather than an ideal.Betrayal, painful endings, defeat, collapse.
Page of Swords:
Small challenges, news, and legal issues (particularly signing documents). As a person, the Page is bitchy - but witty.
Is he upside down?
Issues with words and documents; double-check paperwork and contracts now. As a person, the reversed Page causes trouble.Curiosity, communication, new ideas, mental agility.
Knight of Swords: 
Conflict is ahead, but it’s not all bad; the challenge is clear and there are no hidden agendas. As a person, this Knight is a strong political ally, but not a friend.
Is he upside down?
Drama for its own sake; egotism. As a person, the reversed Knight is unreliable and will only protect himself.Ambition, action, impulsiveness, drive.
Queen of Swords:
The warrior; a time to be independent and rely on your wits. As a person, the Queen often acts alone (even if in a relationship) and can symbolize the single parent.
Is she upside down?
A formidable opponent; you’re being asked to do something that’s unreasonable. As a person, the reversed Queen is a bitter and angry.Independence, clear-mindedness, intellect, truth.
King of Swords: 
Problems solved! A return to order; decisions go your way. As a person, the King is an ambitious professional who needs mental stimulation.
Is he upside down?
Disruption and power games play out, creating confusion and mistrust. As a person, the reversed King has no interest in constructing anything that’s meaningful.Authority, power, intellect, truth.Ace of Pentacles: Prosperity, new financial opportunities, abundance.
Ace of Pentacles
Money and success; welcome financial news after uncertainty. The beginning of new jobs, enterprises and associations.
Is it upside down?
Money, or the opportunity to earn it, eludes you. A new enterprise stalls, or at the least, is delayed.
Two of Pentacles:
A decision; the need to work out a financial arrangement. You may also be contemplating moving home just now.
Is it upside down?
A lack of support and money to spend where it’s needed. A decision goes against your interests.Balance, adaptability, multitasking, flexibility.
Three of Pentacles:
A great time to renovate, build a business, nest in a new home and, in general, show off your creative talents. Your work won’t go unnoticed.
Is it upside down?
Not getting the recognition you need; also, delays and money difficulties in work and property matters.Collaboration, skill, teamwork, craftsmanship.
Four of Pentacles: 
Security; strong foundations and good health. Now you can enjoy all that you’ve worked for.
Is it upside down?
Wrong assumptions; a false sense of security. A period of instability that will soon pass.Security, conservatism, material stability, holding on.
Five of Pentacles: Fear of poverty or rejection. Try not to overreact, and avoid making money decisions until this influence has passed.
Is it upside down?
Money and work problems may impact upon your relationships. Accept how things are, and face up to pressing issues.Poverty, insecurity, worry, financial loss.
Six of Pentacles: Gifts and generosity. You’re kind to others, and they are kind to you. You see the positive side of life.
Is it upside down?
Money secrets; avoiding dealing with debt or other obligations. Money owed to you may not come back to you just now.Generosity, charity, sharing, financial balance.
Seven of Pentacles: 
Great potential. You’ve achieved a lot, and know there’s much more you can do. Appreciate your efforts and keep your eyes on the prize.
Is it upside down?
Frustration that you efforts don’t seem enough - you need a breakthrough. Try to take a new perspective.Patience, long-term view, investment, perseverance.
Eight of Pentacles:
You’ve worked hard to gain valuable experience and qualifications. Attention to detail pays off.
Is it upside down?
Work that doesn’t feel rewarding enough. It’s time to shift your focus elsewhere, where you’ll be more appreciated.Diligence, skill development, craftsmanship, hard work.
Nine of Pentacles: Financial security, and time to enjoy some luxuries and appreciate your lifestyle. Congratulate yourself for your successes.
Is it upside down?
Domestic issues surface now, so you may be finding it tough to organize finances, work and home.Self-sufficiency, luxury, financial independence.
Ten of Pentacles: 
Material comfort and relationships built on solid foundations. A prosperous, happy marriage; an inheritance.
Is it upside down?
Debt and disagreement; in general, a lack of contribution. At home, generations clash.Wealth, legacy, inheritance, family traditions.
Page of Pentacles: 
Good news regarding money. This may come as a small cash sum or job opportunity. As a person, the Page is a loyal helper.
Is he upside down?
An empty offer or, at worst, no offer at all. As a person, the reversed Page is disorganized and in need of money.Ambition, new financial beginnings, opportunity.
Knight of Pentacles: 
Consistent effort brings rewards and relationships are steady. As a person, the Knight is trustworthy, and a creature of habit.
Is he upside down?
Monies or other benefits owed; you may feel cheated or mislead. As a person, the reversed Knight keeps his pennies for himself.Hard work, practicality, reliability, patience.
Queen of Pentacles:
Success, security, and generosity; also, the love of nature and the outdoors. As a person, the Queen is capable, organized, and kind.
Is she upside down?
A financial rollercoaster; unexpected expenses and poor work-life balance. As a person, the reversed Queen may be unreliable and selfish.Nurturing, practicality, financial security, fertility.
King of Pentacles: 
Honesty, stability and good cash flow; problems are solved. As a person, the King is generous, supportive and practical.
Is he upside down?
Secrecy or dishonesty; financial mismanagement and domestic disputes. As a person, the reversed King thinks only of himself.Wealth, leadership, financial stability, success.
